Fix client metrics recording on round trip error (#7146)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go-contrib: CHANGELOG.md

  - `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/go.mongodb.org/mongo-driver/mongo/otelmongo`.
  - `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/net/http/httptrace/otelhttptrace`.
  - `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/net/http/otelhttp`.

> - Record `http.client.request.body.size` and `http.client.request.duration` metrics on transport round trip errors in `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/net/http/otelhttp` (#6940)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Record all non-failure metrics on transport round trip errors in `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/net/http/otelhttp` (#7146)
```

  - `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/go.mongodb.org/mongo-driver/mongo/otelmongo`.
  - `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/net/http/httptrace/otelhttptrace`.
  - `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/net/http/otelhttp`.

> - Record all non-failure metrics on transport round trip errors in `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/net/http/otelhttp` (#7146)

Reviewer: With yesterday's release, this is now in the released section. It needs to be moved up to unreleased.

Author: I've moved the entry to the unreleased section. Please kindly check my latest commit. Thank you!
